.TH "BLUEFISH" "1" "2009-12-16" "Bluefish Editor 2.0" "User commands"

.SH "NAME"
bluefish \- editor for experienced web designers and programmers

.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.B bluefish
.RB "[[" "\-c" "|" "\-\-curwindow" "] | [" "\-n" "|" "\-\-newwindow" "]]"
.BI [ "FILE(S)..." ]
.PP
.B bluefish
.RB {[ \-? | \-\-help | \-\-help\-all | \-\-help\-* "] | [" \-v | \-\-Version ]}

.SH "DESCRIPTION"
.PP
.B bluefish
is an open-source editor for experienced web designers and programmers,
supporting many programming and markup languages, but focusing on creating
dynamic and interactive websites.

.SH OPTIONS
.PP
.B bluefish
currently supports the following options:
.TP
.BR \-c ", " \-\-curwindow
Open a file in an existing window. This can be used to overwrite the chosen
default.
.TP
.BR \-n ", " \-\-newwindow
Open a file in a new window. This can be used to overwrite the chosen default.
.TP
.BR \-? ", " \-\-help ", " \-\-help\-* ", " \-\-help\-all
Print all or just a group of help options. Some of these options may be
documented in
.BR gtk-options (7)
and
.BR gnome-options (7).
.TP
.BR \-v ", " \-\-Version
Print version information.

.SH "SEE ALSO"
.PP
.BR gnome-options (7),
.BR gtk-options (7)
.PP
There is also a manual online at
.IR \%http://bluefish.openoffice.nl/manual/ .

.SH AUTHORS
.TP
.BR "Daniel Leidert" " <\&daniel.leidert@wgdd.de\&>"
Author and editor.
.TP
.BR "Michèle Garoche" " <\&michele.garoche@easyconnect.fr\&>"
Author.
.TP
.BR "Davide Puricelli" " <\&evo@debian.org\&>"
Original author of the manpage written for the Debian system.

