.TH "BLUEFISH\-UNSTABLE" "1" "2009-02-07" "Bluefish Editor 1.3" "User commands"

.SH "NAME"
bluefish\-unstable \- editor for experienced web designers and programmers

.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.B bluefish\-unstable
.RB [ \-s | \-\-skiprootcheck ]
.RB [ \-n | \-\-newwindow ]
.RB [ \-p " \fIPROJECTFILE\fP | " \-\-project=\fIPROJECTFILE\fP " ]"
.BI [ "FILE(S)..." ]
.PP
.B bluefish-unstable
.RB {[ \-? | \-\-help | \-\-help\-all | \-\-help\-* "] | [" \-v | \-\-Version ]}

.SH "DESCRIPTION"
.PP
.B bluefish-unstable
is an open-source editor for experienced web designers and programmers,
supporting many programming and markup languages, but focusing on creating
dynamic and interactive websites.

.SH OPTIONS
.PP
.B bluefish-unstable
currently supports the following options:
.TP
.BR \-n ", " \-\-newwindow
Open in a new window.
.TP
.BR "\-p \fIPROJECTFILE\fP" ", " "\-\-project=\fIPROJECTFILE\fP"
Open a project (may be removed).
.TP
.BR \-? ", " \-\-help ", " \-\-help\-* ", " \-\-help\-all
Print all or just a group of help options. Some of these options may be
documented in
.BR gtk-options (7)
and
.BR gnome-otions (7).
.TP
.BR \-v ", " \-\-Version
Print version information.

.SH "SEE ALSO"
.PP
.BR gnome-otions (7),
.BR gtk-options (7)
.PP
There is also a manual online at
.IR \%http://bluefish.openoffice.nl/manual/ .

.SH AUTHORS
.TP
.BR "Daniel Leidert" " <\&daniel.leidert@wgdd.de\&>"
Author and editor.
.TP
.BR "Michèle Garoche" " <\&michele.garoche@easyconnect.fr\&>"
Author.
.TP
.BR "Davide Puricelli" " <\&evo@debian.org\&>"
Original author of the manpage written for the Debian system.

