The file changelog can be obtained from subversion using the `svn2cl' utility. 
The release changelogs are also available from our homepage: 
http://bluefish.openoffice.nl

* 2.2.2 &

Bluefish 2.2.2 is largely a bug fix release with some very minor new features. A regression in the search functionality was fixed, that caused a segfault if a document with search results was closed. Multiple replace with search results directly next to each other corrupting the text was also fixed. The broken cursor positioning that ruined the Zencoding plugin was also fixed. On the multiplatform front: on Windows handling of the profile directory with non-ascii characters was fixed and on MacOSX image browsing in the image dialog was fixed. Two GTK-3 related bugs where fixed: the CSS dialog was unusable on GTK-3 and the right margin indicator was positioned wrong. Next to the major fixes several small memory leaks where fixed. Next to the bug fixes some small improvements where made. Startup is slightly faster using more threads during startup and improving the document recovery. The annoying scrolling of the side bar filebrowser in 'treeview' mode was fixed, descriptions of language options where fixed, and some menu strings, some HTML5 options where improved, accelerators and shortcut keys got improved. The new features: duplicate line and delete line.

* 2.2.1 *

Bluefish 2.2.1 is mostly a bug fix release, but it has one major new feature:
Zencoding support (requires python). The bug fixes include a fix to build on
Gtk+-2.22, many translations are better up-to-date, a fix for PCRE regular
expression searching, several layout fixes for Gtk+-3.2, several obscure
segfault fixes, a fix for autocompletion of variables in PHP, <img> dialog
fixes, and some memory-leak fixes. 

* 2.2.0 *

Bluefish 2.2.0 is a new major release and the start for the 2.2 series. Under
the hood Bluefish 2.2.0 has a massive number of changes: Bluefish now works with
gtk-3 (gtk-2 is still supported), and the syntax scanner had a major overhaul to
make it faster, which is especially noticeable when working on large files.

Another big change in Bluefish 2.2.0 is the new search and replace function. It
has been completely redesigned: the simple search function is now integrated in
the main window, and the new function supports both search and replace in files
on disk (next to already opened documents). Other new features include a toggle
comment function that is context-aware (add <!-- --> comments in html code, use
// comments in javascript code, etc.) and a select block feature that
automatically selects the current context block and can be used multiple times
to select the parent blocks. Another new feature of the syntax recognition is
the autocompletion of user-defined functions, and a jump function that will
bring you immediately the the definition of a function.

Next to all the new features many existing features have been improved and
polished. Support for new languages has been added, such as Google Go, Vala and
Ada. See the introduction to Bluefish 2.2.0 movie for a good overview.